README.md, before:

# HOStringSense for Xcode

## Overview

Edit strings like `@"Hello\nWorld!"` unescaped.

![Screenshot](https://github.com/holtwick/HOStringSense-for-Xcode/raw/master/Xcode.png "Example")

## Installation

Simply build the Xcode project and restart Xcode. The plugin will automatically be installed in `~/Library/Application Support/Developer/Shared/Xcode/Plug-ins`. First remove the plugin from there (and restart Xcode).

If you get a "Permission Denied" error while building, please see [this issue](https://github.com/omz/ColorSense-for-Xcode/issues/1).

## Author

I'm a Mac and iOS developer, follow me on Twitter [@holtwick](https://twitter.com/holtwick) or ADN [@ho](https://alpha.app.net/ho).

## Credits

This work is derived from the awesome [Color Sense](https://github.com/omz/ColorSense-for-Xcode) plugin of Ole Zorn. Thanks Ole!

## License

    Copyright (c) 2012, Dirk Holtwick
    All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
      list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
    ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
    DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
    FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
    DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
    OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
    CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
    OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
    OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Updated README with details for keyboard shortcuts

README.md, after:

# HOStringSense for Xcode

## Overview

Edit strings like `@"Hello\nWorld!"` unescaped.

![Screenshot](https://github.com/holtwick/HOStringSense-for-Xcode/raw/master/Xcode.png "Example")

## Installation

Simply build the Xcode project and restart Xcode. The plugin will automatically be installed in `~/Library/Application Support/Developer/Shared/Xcode/Plug-ins`. First remove the plugin from there (and restart Xcode).

If you get a "Permission Denied" error while building, please see [this issue](https://github.com/omz/ColorSense-for-Xcode/issues/1).

## Keyboard Shortcut

With a little trick you can enable keyboard shortcut for showing the popover. Open `System Preferences` app, then section `Keyboard` and add a custom application shortcut for Xcode as in the following image:

![Screenshot](https://github.com/holtwick/HOStringSense-for-Xcode/raw/master/Shortcut.png "Keyboard Shortcur")

## Author

I'm a Mac and iOS developer, follow me on Twitter [@holtwick](https://twitter.com/holtwick) or ADN [@ho](https://alpha.app.net/ho).

## Credits

This work is derived from the awesome [Color Sense](https://github.com/omz/ColorSense-for-Xcode) plugin of Ole Zorn. Thanks Ole!

## License

    Copyright (c) 2012, Dirk Holtwick
    All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
      list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
    ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
    DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
    FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
    DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
    OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
    CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
    OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
    OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
